Next, let's go back to our project and the first thing I want to do because it's easy to forget.
Let's go to our Android Manifest file.
And here I'm going to add the internet permissions and it uses like smart uses permission and I'm just
going to type internet like this hit enter or it's too close.
So this is something easy to forget.
I like to add that permission before we move forward.
So this will allow us to be able to use the internet in order to get information from the eyes and so
forth.
So very important.
All right.
So once we then, that's fine.
And the next thing I want to do here is I want to structure, of course, create all the packages that
we may need in our project.
That way we can organize our code.
Remember, we're trying to create applications that are following the clean architecture.
It really helps to put together the structure of our files of our classes and packages and so forth.
That way, we have that structure in place like let's go inside of our main.
So inside of our main package here and we're right click or command and.
Think this and I can go say package.
I'm going to start by.
Creating the package, going through the same thing, create a few other.
Called data.
And this one called this model.
This is going to be navigation.
Network.
Repository.
Utils for utility classes or functions and so forth.
And we're going to add components now, some of these we may not use, but it's always nice to have
them in place if we need to.
So and let's add another one called widgets, so we can add small pieces of code that represent a widget.
OK.
They're very good.
And before I forget, let's also add another one called screens or screens such now because we are again
looking to put a very strong structure using dagger and hilt for dependency injection, which facilitates
our development in general.
And this is also something that you should always keep in mind when developing Android apps.
I understand that the setting up can be a little bit cumbersome or a little bit.
It takes a little bit of time, but it's really worth the time to do this because it's easier to create
applications that are easy to maintain, easy to extend as the complexity grows in her apps.
So all this setting up, especially for I put it together, the dependency injection.
It's it's really important.
So that's how you should think about putting together your projects.
Right.
So in that spirit, I'm going to create a class at the main package level here, and I'm going to call
this the weather application.
So I'm going to say come and to create a new kind of in class, this is going to be just a simple class,
OK?
And I'm going to call this weather application OK.
And because this weather application is going to be the one that ties everything together in terms of
the dependency injection, so it will allow for this to be recognized overall, we'll have access to
the top level class called the application class for Android.
So I'm going to say make sure that make sure that I'm going to make sure that this inherits from application.
You can see this is going to be application Android application.
There is and like this?
Well, OK.
But now I need to make sure that this is also confirming to the hilt to make sure that this is a hilt
dependency project in this case.
And for point, I'm going to say at Helt Android like this.
So this ties everything together to say, OK, we're creating this weather application class, which
implements or in this case, inherits from application the Android application class, the class that
knows everything about all the assets and everything, you know, project.
We are also saying that we are going to make sure that this is not just any weather application class
here, it's also a hilt Android app so that in the background, Hilda will know what to do to set everything
up to make this application able to use the dependency injection and so forth.
And that's all they're going to do for our weather application.
What do we need to do next?
Of course, is go to Maine and manifest, and we need to register this weather application right so
that the entire project recognize it as the main class that needs to be propagated throughout the entire
project.
So for that, know we're here.
If I start typing name like this enter and right away, you can see that Android Studio helps us to
say, OK, you want to register this weather application here?
You know my Android manifest.
So we need to do that.
OK.
And while I'm here, let's go to our guy here.
I'm going to add a new app module class here, and it's going to be an interface.
I'm going to call this app module like this actually just a class, like a class like that, just app
module.
And we'll get back to that, but at least is there for now.
And before we forget, let's go to our main activity.
So in this class here, I'm going to say at Android entry point like this, this is for a dagger to
know that this is the where we can actually start using and connecting all the dependencies that this
application, this project may have.
So we're just setting everything up.
So we are able to use dependency injection for this and we'll see how all of that works.